Daily stand-up 2022-04-12 09:00
Present during meeting: Alexander, Lenny, Oscar and Charlie
Lenny: tkinter could be used to create a GUI. Lenny showed us and prototype
Alexander: SRGAN and U-net could be used for our model (Links in discord). Also found a dataset containing pictures for training and validation
Oscar: Found animal pictures and tested downscaling for the pictures and made a program for downscaling.
Charlie: Checked resizing for picture

* Until next time
- Research SRGAN and U-net
- Work on GUI implementations
- Look at downscaling

Daily stand-up 2022-04-13
Present during meeting: Alexander, Lenny, Oscar and Charlie

Group decided to use SRGAN model for the images.
Group decided to fill up backlog, without any priority (yet)
Group decided to use pycharm to create tools we need to downscale pictures to create dataset.
Group decided to use Tkinter as Gui for now.

Until next time:
try to implement gui with downscale picture tool.
try experiment with model.

Sprint planning 2022-04-20 14:00
Present during meeting: Alexander, Lenny, Oscar, Charlie and Britta

Lenny: Work more on a prototype Gui
Alexander: SRGAN model, read more about it and starting to test it
Oscar: Research what works best to resize pictures to scale
Britta: Research SRGAN model and look at what we already know about it
Charlie: Research what works best to resize pictures to scale

Daily stand-up 2022-04-21 09:00
Present during meeting: Lenny, Oscar and Charlie
Britta left the group so we are now 4 people in the group
Lenny: Showed a prototype GUI that looks great
Oscar & Charlie: Both have working programs for resizing

Until next time:
Continue working with GUI
Continue improving resize program that will be ready to implement with the GUI

Daily stand-up 2022-04-22 11:29
Present during meeting: Alexander, Lenny, Oscar and Charlie
Lenny: Merged GUI prototype
Alexander: Working on the model for SRGAN
Oscar: Made a tool to resize pictures
Charlie: Made a tool to crop pictures for 96x96

Until next time:
Oscar & Charlie: will compare their tools and create a tool based on that
Lenny: Read about the model
Alexander: Continue work on model

Daily stand-up 2022-04-25 09:00
Present during meeting: Alexander, Lenny, Oscar and Charlie
Charlie och Oscar continues with implementing the tools and learning tkinter more.
Alexander, keeps working with the model, should soon be ready.
Lenny make som improvment of the Gui to darkmode.

Until next time:
Planning the sprint, make a loss function.
train the model if there is time.

Daily stand-up 2022-04-26 09:00
Present during meeting: Alexander, Lenny, Oscar and Charlie
Charlie shows, how he implemented the creating the dataset with the Gui.
Alexander shows us the model, that is taking place.


Until next time:
Oscar & Charlie: applying new feauters, to create dataset.
Lenny: adding more stuff to the gui.
Alexander: Continue work on model.

Daily stand-up 2022-04-27 09:00
Present during meeting: Alexander, Lenny, Oscar and Charlie
Charlie and Oscar implemented both resize functions
Lenny added more features, options for resize function and folder chooser
Alexander have been starting to testing the model

Until next time:
Oscar & Charlie: fixing bugs and looking into possible adding more stuff that can be useful.
Lenny: adding more stuff to the gui.
Alexander: Continue work on model.

Daily stand-up 2022-04-28 09:00
Present during meeting: Alexander, Oscar and Charlie
Alexander: Finished model for SRGAN
Oscar & Charlie: worked with GUI
Lenny: Sick

Until next time:
Alexander: VGG loss implementation with Oscar
Oscar: Look at model and loss function
Charlie: continue work on GUI

Daily stand-up 2022-04-29 13:00
Present during meeting: Alexander, Oscar and Charlie
Alexander & Oscar: Researched different parts of the SRGAN model 
Charlie: worked with GUI
Lenny: Sick

Until next time:
Alexander & Oscar: Try to see if we can test the whole SRGAN process
Charlie: continue work on GUI, sort in different files

Daily stand-up 2022-05-02 11:00
Present during meeting: Alexander, Lenny, Oscar and Charlie
Alexander & Oscar:  Finished the goals for today, you can now start training the model
Charlie: Implemented the option to choose size for the dataset images in GUI

Until next time:
Charlie, Alexander and Oscar: Training discriminator and generator model and learn more about it
Lenny: Implementing GUI config window

Daily stand-up 2022-05-03 09:02
Present during meeting: Alexander, Lenny, Oscar and Charlie
Lenny: Added settings window to GUI
Alexander: Had success training with L2loss however had issues when changing to VGG + adversarial loss
Charlie: Had issues with training the model
Oscar: Trained with VGG + adversarial loss

Until next time:
Lenny: Add so that u can change from settings
Alexander: Check why we had issues with VGG + adversarial loss
Oscar: Continue training
Charlie: Continue training

Daily stand-up 2022-05-04 13:30
Present during meeting: Alexander, Lenny, Oscar and Charlie
Lenny: Can now change config from gui
Alexander: Had success training with L2loss and VGG + adversarial loss
Charlie: Tried different settings and made good progress
Oscar: Trained with mostly l2 loss

Until next time:
Lenny: Looking into colaboratory and training
Alexander: More testing and also looking into colaboratory
Oscar: Continue training, look for tips from people that has used simliar programs before
Charlie: Continue training

Daily stand-up 2022-05-12
Alexander, Lenny, Oscar and Charlie are present during meeting:
Everybody been working with modell and colab.

Until next time:
Oscar checking flask, and the compability with SRGAN
Alexander, checking drag and drop with tkinter, so we maybe can incoporate it later into the GUI.
Charlie: Working with the model, and trying to fix colab settings, not working as it should.
Lenny: trying to improve the colors in the model. Have an idea of maybe how to solve the color issue.

Daily stand-up 2022-05-13
Lenny, Oscar is present at meeting.
Oscar was checking flask, for possibilities to build an nice GUI.
Lenny was trying to fix color problems, not succesfull.

Until next time:
Oscar working with flask.
Lenny is working to see if its possible to train from GUI, and are looking at hardcoded paths in the training file.


Daily stand-up 2022-05-16
Lenny, Oscar, Charlie, Alexander is present at meeting.
Lenny working, with GUI and the training feature.
Oscar working with Flask GUI.
Alexander working with one pic resolution creation.
Charlie, is working: The model, and Flask. 

The group is planning the sprint of the week.


